what I'm doing is the last
people that were here is
supposed to bring some of their
own tarp spread them out use
their stuff but instead they use
mine common courtesy would
dictate cleaning them that's
what i asked if you're going to
use something clean it dry it
put it back away
all right now instead of time of
year where everything's frozen
this supposed to bring some of
their own tarp spread them out
use their stuff but instead they
use mine
even if I brought him to the
river it's the wrong time you
they're not going to dry
I'm gonna have to burn I can't
leave this smell around all of
this at all emits an older bear
smell from 10 miles away
it's a recipe for so whenever
people leave I've got to come
through and kind of fine tooth
comb it
I mean look at all this garbage
we got blood and everything back
here these are my water barrels
for winter
this is what i disinfect keep
clean for myself to be healthy
and hydrated and some son of a
decided hey let's just choose up
that makes me mad
it is so disrespectful
look at this if I came to visit
you is that I would leave your
house
no but it's how they leave mine
this has to go out here and I
have to figure out a way to
clean it
this impact in time where I'm
freezing up I don't have a
limitless supply of water right
now
who does that i would not go to
your house and in that man but
anyways what drew my eye to it
salt and blood all over my floor
so i need to get the bleach
really do sit down that area a
bear
Wolverine wolf I mean just take
a look around you how many times
have animals come through the
sides
this building is on its last
legs to me it's not fair and it
is so close for me to saying no
more hunters I'm sorry and just
deal with the people that want
to camp and in photograph shoot
with a camera over again manhunt
for the meat that I eat but i
wouldn't do this to somebody
that the Bears come in and
destroy this you think they're
all gonna go home my bad i think
i'll help you with that
hundred-thousand-dollar
replacement they're not exposed
to bring these back in and set
them down there
I can't clean them until
tomorrow anyhow